---
layout: "post"
title: "Only Apple"
link: "http://daringfireball.net/2014/06/only_apple"
tags: 
- "links"
date: "2014-06-14 01:56:54"
ogtype: "article"
bodyclass: "post"
---

John Gruber:

> “Only Apple” has been Tim Cook’s closing mantra for the last few Apple keynotes. [Here’s what he said at the end of last week’s WWDC keynote](http://www.apple.com/apple-events/june-2014/):
> 
> > You’ve seen how our operating systems, devices, and services, all work together in harmony. Together they provide an integrated and continuous experience across all of our products, and you’ve seen how developers can extend their experience further than they’ve ever done before and how they can create powerful apps even faster and more easily than they’ve ever been able to.
> > 
> >  Apple engineers platforms, devices, and services together. We do this so that we can create a seamless experience for our users that is unparalleled in the industry. This is something only Apple can do. You’ve seen a few people on stage this morning, but there are thousands of people that made today possible.  
> >  Is this true, though? Is Apple the only company that *can* do this? I think it’s inarguable that they’re the only company that *is* doing it, but Cook is saying they’re they only company that *can*.
> 
>  I’ve been thinking about this for two weeks. Who else is even a maybe? I’d say it’s a short list: Microsoft, Google, Amazon, and Samsung. And I’d divide that short list into halves — the close maybes (Microsoft and Google) and the not-so-close maybes (Amazon and Samsung).

John makes some good points in this post…