---
layout: "post"
title: "\"Peak iPad\""
link: "https://medium.com/five-hundred-words/1800acf5410d"
tags: 
- "links"
date: "2014-04-28 13:44:14"
ogtype: "article"
bodyclass: "post"
---

Nice piece from MG Siegler.

> <span style="color: #333332;">As a standalone business, just based on the last 12 months of revenue, </span>[the iPad would be in the top 100 companies in the Fortune 500](http://parislemon.com/post/83661316476/quick-observations-on-apples-q2-2014)<span style="color: #333332;">. Think about that for a second. </span>*The iPad alone is bigger than almost all Fortune 500 companies*<span style="color: #333332;">.</span>
> 
> If the iPad is a fad, it’s the greatest fad in the history of American business.
> 
> And so I repeat: the iPad got too successful, too quickly. And everyone (including Apple) got spoiled by those insane numbers.
> 
> [..]
> 
> In concluding his iPad thoughts on the earnings call, Tim Cook noted that he continued to believe the iPad would eclipse the PC market in terms of sales. Tim Cook is an operations guy. He has long handled Apple’s supply chain perhaps better than anyone has ever handled a supply chain in the history of industry. When he makes such a prediction, it’s not to be taken lightly. He has Apple’s supply chain ready and primed for such a day.
> 
> As he noted:
> 
> > And so, when I back up from all of these, I feel great. That doesn’t mean that every quarter, every 90 days is going to be a number that everybody is thrilled with. But what it means to me is that the trend over the arc of time that things look very, very good, that iPad has a great future. And of course the thing that drives us more than any of this are the next iPads if you will, the things that are in the pipeline, the things that we can do to make the product even better and there is no shortage of work going in on that nor any shortage of ideas.
> 
> Peak iPad? We’ll see.